hey guys it's Jan from oh my god where's
the milk or in Jen's life if you're
watching from my blog in James live.com
today I have a very short haul for you
guys I have that one in a pretty long
time but I don't have a lot of pieces to
show you guys if you guys don't know
recently Target pardoned up of another
designer bar brawl go wrong and released
another one for line their last release
Neiman Marcus pretty much sank and
didn't buy anything at all there were
Christmas ornaments for them for like 50
bucks and a bicycle for 250 bucks I
don't think so that's totally not target
appropriate prices and the quality was
not the biz now this one I've been
excited for since November 2012 which is
when I first heard about the release and
it came out Sunday February 10th I think
about 8:00 in the morning when Target
opens unfortunately I wasn't able to go
in on Sunday morning because I had a
little family issue to deal with but I
was able to go in Monday and at the end
of the day I actually went to three
targets trying to get what I wanted but
cessful II I did so I'm excited and I'm
going to show you guys what I got
the first target I went to basically was
almost thought it only had like I think
10 pieces left and this was Monday
morning and so I was like oh crap I'm
not gonna get anything so then I went to
my second target and I was able to pick
up a few things
now the first thing that caught my eye
is this top right here if you guys don't
know patterns and bright colors just
like this is a huge trend for this
coming 2013 spring so even though this
is a medium this actually fit me pretty
well not that if it needs snug very
things but it's a great oversize draping
top and it was 26 9 which I don't think
is an unreasonable price at all for
target wear and I actually really love
this mesh on the shoulders here because
it's just something you don't see very
often on a shirt and Plus do you guys
know I love my collar shirts so having
that is also a plus
so basically everything about this shirt
I absolutely love but I cannot cannot
pin it on a pan on wait to wear this
shirt like I'm totally in love with it
actually when I look back at the
collection there was one piece that I
really wanted that I couldn't find this
Target store but I did find this one and
I think I actually might like this one
the most now and then the next thing I
picked out is actually something that
Ian picked out for me if you wanted me
to pick up this shirt and it's a very
nice draped racer back tank I don't know
if it's showing up correctly in the
camera but it's a nice coral color which
is always fun for spring and summer it
was 1999 which is a little bit pricey
for a tank in my opinion but it is
probably wrong for Target and has a nice
little pocket here in the front so
that's another one I'm excited to wear
so then now at this point I thought that
I okay I didn't find the dress that I
wanted and I'm like oh my god all the
accessories all the shoes are gone but I
guess I guess they actually put the
shoes in the shoe section and the
accessories in the accessories section
so I don't know why it wasn't all
together kind of like the Neiman Marcus
one or when I went to the Versace
release for H&M it wasn't all together
so on the way out I ran into the shoe
section and I saw they had some shoes
laughs and luckily the one that I wanted
in size six-and-a-half and luckily the
one that I wanted they had in my size
was just a size six-and-a-half and this
is what the box looks like and I think
it is so cute it definitely matches the
collection it looks like a very high-end
box and very clean and luckily I also
didn't get a box that was like crushed
so I'm pretty excited for that and then
the shoes I got I think they've heard
$44.99
but the reason I know I have a lot of
shoes but the reason I picked up these
is that I know I don't have any shoes
like this I've been looking for one that
are more strappy heels and I don't have
any like this at all and so I'm pretty
excited to wear this I feel like it's
something that's really great for
transitioning from spring to summer to
fall
except for winter but it's just because
it's a strappy black heel you can kind
of wear it get away wearing it so many
different seasons and one thing that
really surprised me is that these are
actually extremely comfortable to walk
in now not everyone might agree to that
but for me
it was really comfortable to walk in I
jumped every time I try on heels I walk
around the store I jump around and I
start like I like run in them and these
definitely passed my test the other
shoes so I'm the collection though
unfortunately didn't pass my test I
wanted the new yellow neon ones if you
guys go on the website only kit down
below they have these yellow neon heels
but every time I put this shoe on and
put this strap on this trap would not
stay and didn't matter which size I was
trying on it just would not stay so I
that shoe doesn't look like especially
the good quality as this shoe and it
wasn't as comfortable anyways um but
yeah so then I went home and I'm like I
didn't get the dress that I wanted and
then I went online and I found that one
store in Washington State had this dress
left in my size and I immediately called
and I put it on hold
I went to the store and I tried it on
and I totally fell in love and ian was
like you got to get it so so this is my
very last purchase from Sperber al quran
collection so I only bought four pieces
and I think it totaled to about a
hundred and forty dollars which I don't
think it's very priced at all
considering like the for sake stuff was
just always something
so this stretch right here is what I was
wanting from the collection like my saw
it back in November this was the dress I
wanted and then anyone if any of you
guys know about this collection
basically when they advertise a
collection there's a few outfits that
they put together to kind of give you an
idea of how you could wear it in your
everyday life and the outfit that they
really pushed and they look like they
identify it look number one in the
collection like the look that they
launched with what's with this dress and
it was sold out at all the other places
I went to and when I went to this one
they had only one left and it was in a
size two how exciting was that I was so
excited
this one was $49.99 and yeah $49.99 and
I could not be more thrilled like this
is why I'm really excited about this
coming some spring 2013 trend because
it's actually something that I really
like wearing normally I like wearing
bright colors that just make you look at
them and go you know make you smile like
this is totally that type of dress yep
so that's my haul I hope you guys
enjoyed the video it's pretty short but
if you guys are still interested in the
collection I know that there are some
stores out there that still have some
pieces and off sizes I trying to get
this video out quick enough for you guys
so that you guys are interested you guys
can still get some of the pieces some of
the pieces are also sold online only
unfortunately this dress wasn't one of
them which is what made it difficult for
me but luckily I was able to find it but
you can always go in Target calm and
search your stores and which one they
have hopefully you guys are getting as
me but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the
hall and I'll see you guys next time
differente subscribe and hit like